Fixes #5699 - Inappropriately named 5LNCs - ENR (#5700)
VATSIM-UK/UK-Sector-File: .github/CHANGELOG.md

> x. - Fix - Inappropriately named 5LNCs - ENR - thanks to @MrAdder (Daniel Green)

Reviewer: Could you re-write this as per [the style guide](https://github.com/VATSIM-UK/UK-Sector-File/blob/main/.github/Style%20Guide.md#changelog-entries--) please?

Author: Sure

> x. AIRAC (2506) - Updated names of enroute fixes and routing - thanks to @MrAdder (Daniel Green)

Reviewer: Could you change it a bit for clarity around the airway changes please?
```suggestion
x. AIRAC (2506) - Updated names of enroute fixes and associated airways - thanks to @MrAdder (Daniel Green)
```
